[Dokumentation] Update parameters/basic_usage/model_assumptions (#302)
greco-project/pvcompare: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved "scope and limitations" section of RTD with additional information and corrections (#286)
- Add info on energy systems consisting of more than one node in RTD section "scope and limitations" (#293)
- Added description of the implementation of the stratified thermal storage in pvcompare with a description of the possibilities modeling it (#291)

> - Dokumentation: Update on 'basic_usage', 'parameter description' and 'model assumptions' (#106 #290 #277 #76 #165)

Reviewer: I think here we add PR number not issue number, don't we?

```suggestion
- Dokumentation: Update on 'basic_usage', 'parameter description' and 'model assumptions' (#302)
```
